Rephrase sentences (#27)
medik8s/docs: recover_affected_workloads.md

If the node misbehaves, and processes can not run anymore the control
plane will start counting down. It will either be the kubelet process which doesn't
report status to the control plane [(see node_status_update_frequency)][1] or

> the containers themselves that will fail/crash and be marked as `phase: failed`.

Reviewer: This is not correct IMHO,  `...containers will fail and be marked as failed` is fine to me.

report status to the control plane [(see node_status_update_frequency)][1] or
the containers themselves will fail/crash and be marked as `phase: failed`.
Nodes status conditions, set by the node-controller in the control plane, will

> reflect what's happening now, and for how long.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
reflect the current status and how long the node has been in that state.
```
